Better describe Whitehall compatability (#367)
alphagov/govuk-docker: docs/compatibility.md

   - ✅ transition
   - ✅ travel-advice-publisher
   - ⚠ whitehall

>       * Most tests pass, but several tests fail consistently due to issues with govuk-docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Most tests pass, but several tests fail consistently and we haven't investigated why yet
```

Author: That's also true, but I was trying here to give direction should anyone decide to investigate.

At least when debugging the test failures for govuk-guix, I found several tests had quite specific requirements on the environment, so my guess is that something is up with the Dockerfile that's in use.

>       * Most tests pass, but several tests fail consistently due to issues with govuk-docker

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      * `make whitehall` requires that you have `publishing-api` running in another shell.
      * It also errors at the `taxonomy:populate_end_to_end_test_data` stage, but you can still `govuk-docker up`.
      * Most tests pass, but several tests fail consistently... (however you want to phrase this)
```

^ Based on a lot of trial-and-erroring this morning while trying to set up smart-answers (which somewhat confusingly has whitehall as a dependency, and kept breaking at the `make` stage as a result. But I was able to start it up regardless).
